# Luke Smith
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml
https://lukesmith.xyz/videos
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news/ # arch linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxLYtICsUCWdr1YPrj5DtwA # Ordinary Things
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1Q2MLy0DEswY-1ZheTcYig # імені Т.Г. Шевченка
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvDZ4ZSgzSt0rGgQpFV_r-A # Твоя Підпільна Гуманітарка
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUGfDbfRIx51kJGGHIFo8Rw # Максим Кац
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcH4BgfQqiaeh-Rw2Kvj8rQ # ЗупиниЛося
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbb-qqGdlVS7laUbUOTOXhg # Зона Лазерсона
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVGOyzms_XJNk_DHqrffXCw # Windows
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC101o-vQ2iOj9vr00JUlyKw # Варламов
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8GoduxspzU7MpKYdbMyI0A # Whalesplaining
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q # The Hated One
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa962e5dqRMO1nUldwaaRMw # Tailosive Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHyIvHeTyU2ALxwX4vm_Y4w "comedy" # Ryan The Leader
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYfMttB5X1awKZFDZIL8uVw "music" # Monatik
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA "linux" # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ "technology" # MKBHD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA "linux" # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgBVkKoOAr3ajSdFFLp13_A "comedy" # KRAZAM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVIFCOJwv3emlVmBbPCZrvw "comedy" # Joel Haver
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTfabOKD7Yty6sDF4POBVqA "linux" # Joe Collins
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw "comedy" # Internet Historian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8Q7XEy86Q7T-3kNpNjYgwA "comedy" # Incognito Mode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY03gpyR__MuJtBpoSyIGnw "technology" # Droider.Ru
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwFpzG5MK5Shg_ncAhrgr9g "linux" # Awesome Open Source
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe_TcJarfs-HKy3NySy8Kng "programming" # S0ER
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9MK8SybZcrHR3CUV4NMy2g "programming" "it| # Диджитализируй
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVbz7l0COUdLupcY4YtYH0w "programming" "it" # Сергей Немчинский
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnSattLOoumy75cbseuL8AA "cooking" # Кухня с акцентом
